Step one would be, I mean, it kind of does look like it's already set up to work on mobile as well as web, so that's actually good, which is perfect. It's not going to be my personal library, however, I'd like the title of that page just to be called "The Secret Playlist." I will give you a link to a Spotify playlist to use as the beginning one.

I do see that it says that the songs are playing, however, I can't actually hear anything, and I also don't see any volume indicator. The line for the actual music player on the bottom that has the, you know, album cover, song name, artist, and a play/pause button—there shouldn't be any play or pause button because it should just run endlessly like a radio station.

Regarding the portion of the music player, I do like the color scheme you went with; it looks good. However, I would like everything to be kind of translucent, especially any parts of the screen like the music player portion on the bottom or even the queue on the side that could end up taking up a lot of space on a phone screen. It makes sense to have them translucent so that you can see the very slowly, very large, spinning helix behind it.

Obviously, with a hundred rungs on the helix and being able to actually read the song names, it's not going to be possible to have all of them visible at once. So, what I was thinking was, we'll just have by default the top portion of the helix queue visible when you first visit the page, and music should begin playing. The idea is that if a song is playing for me at a certain time, regardless of where my brother is in the world, if he visits the site, the exact same song will be playing for him at the exact same time. It's kind of like a feeling of being able to stay connected with my friends and family even when we're apart, and I don't actually have to bother him or he doesn't have to bother me while we're at work. This kind of connection is cool.

If he wants to share a song, all he has to do is drag it from his personal playlist. Oh, I see what that is: that "personal library" on the side. Yeah, that makes sense now. All he needs to do is drag and drop it into the queue, and it should play. Bump everything else down in the queue when somebody drags a new song in. I was testing that feature out, and it doesn't seem to be working entirely as of right now either.

The only song in the queue that we don't want to disrupt is the currently playing one. Nobody should be able to change it or stop it; it will play to completion. But there should be a like and dislike button for the songs. I would actually prefer it be an "Accept" or "Reject" button. If a song gets rejected again and again—mind you, I don't want it to be like a person can reject the song 40 times themselves. I want it to be one rejection per IP address, per song, per play. So, if a song plays twice in one day, it could be rejected twice by the same IP address, but it shouldn't be able to be rejected 40 times.

Eventually, if it gets rejected over, like, 10 total plays in a row, then it'll go from being played less and less to eventually not being played at all or not getting re-queued. The opposite should be true for songs that get accepted a lot—up to, like, 10 or 20 accepts—where they slightly, very slightly, increase in their RNG to getting re-queued. I don't want it to be like the same song playing 20 times in a day, but if at the normal pace a song plays once every 48 hours, if it reaches its maximum "likes" amount, it should be possible to play, I don't know, three times in 24 hours, maybe. That's the slight level I'm looking for.